# Simon Game

Welcome to the Simon Game repository! This project is a digital version of the classic Simon game, implemented using pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Simon is a memory game where players must replicate a sequence of coloured buttons generated by the game.

## Table of Contents
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Demo
You can check out the live demo of the Simon Game [here](https://mohit-kumar20.github.io/simon-game)

## Features
* **Classic Simon Gameplay:** Follow the sequence of colours generated by the game and replicate it by clicking on the corresponding buttons.
* **Randomized Sequences:** The game generates random sequences to keep the gameplay challenging and engaging.
* **User Feedback:** Receive visual and audio feedback for each successful or failed attempt.
* **Score Tracking:** Keep track of your score as you complete each level.

## Installation
1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mohit-kumar20/simon-game.git
```
2. Open the project folder:

```bash
cd simon-game
```
3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## Usage
1. Open the game in your web browser.

2. Click on the "Start" button to initiate the game.

3. Pay attention to the sequence of colors shown by the game.

4. Replicate the sequence by clicking on the corresponding colored buttons.

5. If successful, the game will add another color to the sequence for you to replicate.

6. If you make a mistake, the game will provide feedback and show your final score.

7. Click on the "Start" button to play again and beat your high score.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to the project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

```bash
git checkout -b feature/new-feature
```
3. Make your changes and commit them:

```bash
git commit -m "Add new feature"
```
4. Push to your branch:

```bash
git push origin feature/new-feature
```
5. Open a pull request on the original repository.

